Add base class for Micro Manager and restructure main (#111)
precice/micro-manager: CHANGELOG.md

## latest

> - Add base class, rename `MicroManager` to `MicroManagerCoupling` and change setup of the main class https://github.com/precice/micro-manager/pull/111

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a base class called `MicroManager` with minimal API and member function definitions, rename the existing `MicroManager` class to `MicroManagerCoupling` https://github.com/precice/micro-manager/pull/111
```
